# Spec Meeting 2023-08-03

As this is the start of our new recurring public spec meeting, the goal for this week is to generate the list of known community priorities that need design work.

### Topics we identified:

- Modifier capabilities
	- attributes, properties, ssr (real_ate interested in fastboot-related concerns)
	- timing
- Asset import spec RFC (kategengler interested)
- V2 App Spec
- V2 Addon Blueprint RFC (making it the default) (NullVoxPopuli interested)
- Router
- [import.meta.glob](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/939) (ef4)
- [ES Module Reform](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/938) (ef4)
- ES Module based services (ef4)
- Invokables Reform (NullVoxPopuli interested)
	- we have multiple kinds of invokables, they could share a common interface (which is resource-like)
	- currying and invoking in Javascript
- Stable Decorators
- Glimmer template compiler API cleanup
	- deprecating moduleName and replacing with better debugging API
 - [Missing template features and syntaxes](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/issues/816)
	- array and hash literal syntax might be easy enough to do by themselves for Polaris. (locks interested in championing)
	- Maybe closure syntax. 
	- named blocks in curly syntax
	- investigate expression syntax (probably not Polaris?)
 - Scoped CSS
 - Authoring Spec (ef4 and wycats)
	 - goal would be centralizing the spec, we have a lot of bits of it in a lot of places


### Next week

- Prioritize any well-prepared proposals anyone wants to bring to the group
- Work through our topics list to figure out potential interdependencies and a rough prioritization