# August 15, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: AG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

and some other guests!

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

## Topics

### Typscript (JW)
We paired with Thao last week, showed them how it works, and discovered a bug in `ember-json-api` repo work.
AG: Do you/we need to skip the meeting for you to have time to pair with Thao?
JW: Could happen but not the norm.

### [Versioning in Ember](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/830) (JW)
Chris Krycho, JW, and somebody talked about the changes to the [version RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/830) and tried to identify all the things that would change for the learning team. JW has expressed that the blog post is now our responsibility, even though it's not officially our responsibility. If we are releasing more, it's not realistic to keep up with work, especially on the blog post. Mitigating things could be showing the changelogs in the blog, pushing this back to implementers instead of the learning team gathering the info. 
JG: Have you discussed the inconsistencies between the changelogs, broken changelogs, etc?
JW: Nope, I said that we have to go hunting for information. It all hinges on writing changelogs.
JW: Chris is interested in changing the release blog post to make it a summary of the feature, when new features are shipped they could get their blog post. The exciting things could get their own place this way. The main challenge: "Who can do the writing?".
AG: The blog posts by other people could be in an inconsistent format, with opinions, etc. Do we want to be responsible for the content?
JW: How much editorializing do we need to do? (Question for Chris Krycho)
AG: Changelogs should work :) 
JW: Comment for teams: More work for the learning team because of the cadence, we need people to write better changelogs to mitigate our workload.
JG: Will it be copy+paste from the changelog or a distillation?
JW: It will be a summary -> 5 bug fixes, 1 feature, see changelog...
AG: Has the release blog value?
CM: Yes it has value. Certain classes of users, people who don't go to the discord or the repos, so they will only see the blog post for new versions.
JW will write up a little thing about our comments/ideas in `dev-ember-learning`
 The write-up is discussed during the meeting. We feel that this is a requirement to make it workable for us. Especially since we're going to have to do majors on a more regular basis.
JG: Is the idea to link the changelog or copy+paste?
JW: Formatting of copy + paste is a bit of effort, so we'll ask Chris Krycho in `dev-ember-learning`.
CM: Marketing effort of changelogs! We should make sure that we highlight the right things and hide the in-the-weed things.

### Percy (CM)
CM: Bit sad it took me this long, but it's fixed now ðŸ¥³. The Percy snapshots are working. There are also other BrowserStack features.
AG: It would be great to have some cross-browser testing if that would be possible.
CM: We have: https://www.browserstack.com/open-source so it should have all of the things.
AG: Maybe something we could look at after EmberFest.

### Guidemaker (CM)
Trying to make the CI of the website-redesign green. Guidemaker is an add-on so it has all the checks. It did not support Embroider and Ember 4, but it does now! Once we do the redesign-release there is a chance we'll be a bit faster because of `auto-route-splitting` but because of the pre-rendering, it might not be as impactful. 
JG: Are you worried about something?
CM: Embroider is about v2 add-on is hostile against Empress/Guidemaker. We could run into odd bugs when we turn it on because of that. 
JG: Is there an easy rollback?
CM: One line in the CI build that enables `auto-route-splitting` and rollback would be removing the line.
The team says: "GREAT WORK CHRIS!!!"
JG is in favor of doing it! If we're making a big splash with the new guides, do we want to introduce these bugs then? Since the rollback is easy we could just give it a go.
CM: Conversation with the learning team about what would be the next thing to upgrade. API-docs or Deprecation-app. CLI guides go first when we release them.

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments, or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.

