# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker:

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [ ] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### Embroider for addons v2 etc (CM, 15m)

- CM general concerns about how to get to a v2 addon blueprint by default
- CM wasn't aware that there was a blueprint already until RM sent https://github.com/embroider-build/addon-blueprint
- it clearly states that everything is WIP and makes a bunch of assumptions (CM that have not had RFCs)
- RM should we move our stuff to v2 -> no
- this is all research
- RM should we document v2 addon? no I don't think so. We have plenty to do while they are figuring things out
- CM: so we don't need to worry about our addons upgrading until ember-cli-update tells us to update
- RM: we need to talk about killing the welcome page addon
- AG: when will we have this conversation
- RM: after our next team session. i.e. medium term.
- CM: when do we need to "worry" about v2 addons?
- RM: there will need to be an RFC on this
- CM: so the next warning sign that we need to worry about this is when the RFC is created/accepted


### Dependabot (AG, 15m)

- last week we discussed the fact that dependabot ate all our percy snapshots and also created a lot of noise
- RM: dependabot doesn't understand Ember, but renovatebot can be configured to understand Ember
- AG: are we moving everything to renovatebot?
- CM: dependabot doesn't do batching and i would really like batching
- CM: we can even have org-wide config
- AG: but don't we want to be able to configure some repos to have slower updates?
- CM: this feels like it needs to be an initiative
- RM: I don't have time
- CM: I also don't have time.
- CM: should we look for an initiative leader on this?
- RM: we could make a project now
- CM: looks like I'm creating the project ðŸ™ƒ

### Doodle for the Brainstorm

- we will figure it out :)
- AG and CM will collaborate on the doodle

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
