# July 18th, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [ ] Dhanush
- [ ] Mehul
- [ ] Rohan
- [ ] Shubham
- [ ] Dan Monroe

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### npm/yarn start RFC

*  How does the difference between yarn 1, 2, and 3 affect us if we made this change?

Dhanush - There is a preference for yarn 1.

AG - can we reuse language about Node support?

JW - this could be a good question for RFC discussion

JG - in my experience, the RFC will be a good place to get feedback. The reason
a lot of people used yarn was for performance, but now npm has mostly caught up.
Another reason was `resolutions`.

[Draft of the RFC](https://flame-bag-235.notion.site/Standardized-the-use-of-yarn-and-npm-scripts-in-the-Ember-experience-1b64a94aff434864abe962ece5308da3)

This will be published to the RFC repo soon!

### Help-wanted and Issues

AG - Do we have a list with stale issues? To respond to people or clean up
things that are not relevant

JW - Not in the help wanted app. The extent of what we have done is individual
triage by locks, and pairing it with other people.

RM - would love help with issue triage! I can help with making sure the
decision makers are notified.

JW - I can take a look at the guides. We can also spend a little time
doing this together

### TypeScript progress

Updates - Thao has made a doc detailing the next steps, pros/cons of each
possible path through the project, etc.

#### Git for API Docs

JW - Good news, Chris Manson is helping me out with trying to get this going again!

### Ember Data & lockstep

AG - What do we have to do about this?

RM - We broke lockstep on this release. The Ember CLI 4.5 release includes
Ember Data 4.4. This breaks a lot of our assumptions. For example,
the Guides has only one version. In the API docs, the version UX is strange.
Internally we have discussed the idea of a "project" release which has different
versions of different projects.

RM - even with the assumption that minor versions were the same, people
were still confused. There was a question of which versions are compatible
together.

AG - when do we need to do something? Who will do that?
How does this affect releases?

RM - How do we structure the guides in a way that we communicate what we need to?

AG - do we schedule this topic for next week?

JW - yes, every week until we feel like we are in a good place

We made a project board to track the work: https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/69/views/1

### Website redesign

We have restarted weekly meetings! Every Friday at 6:30p (18:30) Amsterdam time

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
