# August 4, 2023

Facilitator & Note Taker: Jared Galanis

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [] Chris Thoburn (CT)

### Guests

- [x] Jared Galanis
- [x] sol

**Very lightly attended meeting today so the below notes are recapturing what went on last week and making sure nothing new has come up.**

## Initiatives

### Typescript

- Give a short status update
- Any tasks that would be good to surface for community contribution?
    - These were raised last week and do no appear to have people working on them:
        - migrate loose mode files to strict mode
        - type remaining JS files (only a few of these)
    - Probably would be good to get some specific issues opened that people from the community could pick up or if they already exist, identify what they are

### Release Prep

- 5.2 release week begins on Monday
- We have not released a blog posted about Data's break with the release train cadence (which is a requirement for breaking cadence) so as discussed in last weeks meeting we'll likely release w/o polish or just re-release 5.1

### Maintenance

- Give a short status update
- Any tasks that would be good to surface for community contribution?

### Documentation

- Give a short status update
- Any tasks that would be good to surface for community contribution?
    - It looks like there are plenty of docs tasks in the 5.2 release checklist https://github.com/emberjs/data/issues/8743

## Agenda

- Typescript Infra
    - no seems to have picked up the release infra work mentioned in last weeks meeting, but we should verify
- Typescript Updates
    - see above comment about the open work:
        - migrate loose mode files to strict mode
        - type remaining JS files (only a few of these)
- Prep for Breaking Lockstep
    - We still need to write a blog post about breaking lockstep release cadence
- Dual Publishing
    - No one seems to have picked up this work so we'll continue to discuss
- RFCS
    - both of these RFCS were advanced last week, but there doesn't seem to be enough movement to consider advancing them further or work to discuss
        - https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/910
        - https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/942
- Review RFC Statuses
    - https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/942
    -

- Create agenda for next week

## Action items

- We should provide some issues with better definition on the things that need to happen and that people can work on
- Release week, so we'll need to work on re-releasing 5.1 at a minimum
- Peter/Chris to pair on the types infra (if still relevant?)
- Jared moves these notes to core-notes repo

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
