# June 13, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: JG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [ ] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [x] Dhanush
- [x] Shubham

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

- RM should we remove ember cli addon docs from the list?
- CM do we need agreement for that?
- JW ember-simple-leaflet-maps do we need support this in older versions of the guides?
- CN seems like a lot of work to maintain. can we archive it?
- JW new devs might try to fix it if we don't put a notice informing people not to use the addon any more.
- plan is archive to archive ember-simple-leaflet-maps, include a notice informing we don't support the addon (JW to open PR relating to this), we will then to rebuild the older version of the guides.


## Topics

## Discord notification issues (JW)

- JW, lots of notifications. some issue with discord permissions allowing folks to "at" everyone that shouldn't have that ability. JW has investigated things, but it isn't fixed. JW will file a bug report on it and notify other mods. All Learning Core team members should be able to ban people who do this.
- CM might know what caused this. In testing Stages in prep for ember conf, CM was able to make themself a speaker in a stage. Noticed that lots of people had more permissions than they should have had. It seems the order of the roles in the list matters when it comes to permissions and may unexpectedly grant more authorization than is intended. This isn't clear by looking at the list. Complicated because this only seems to affect community members.
- JW, will spend some time looking at these things.

## Release week (JG)

- JG will help with release week blog.

## Doodle for Learning team follow up (CM)

- CM will put together a doodle for a follow up meeting to our brainstorming session.

## Stalebot (RM)

- RM do we want stalebot? RM recently received notifications.
- CM sounds like these were stalebot on PRs and if we have our list of PRs then we probably don't need it
- RM don't think we need it all.
- CM too noisy at the moment.
- JG did we want to bump out the period for notification?
- RM need to decide why we're doing it.
- CM pretty unlikely to use this as a way to figure out what to work on. If we're not using it we should just turn it off.
- General agreement that we'll turn it off for now.


## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
