# 2023-04-25

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Aaron Chambers

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Nick Schot (NS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Tommy Jr (TJ)
- [x] Dave Laird (DL)

## Topics

### Standing agenda item: Who is working on what tasks and do you need help with context? (generate agenda items, don‚Äôt use this time to discuss)

- CM: I have a first pass of the blueprint stuff working. I'm planning to bring an explanation of the new blueprint finding algorithm to the meeting in future meetings. My next step is to also copy across tests from ember-cli and we can decide what to support or not to support
- PS: I'm adding a topic to the agenda about splitting out libs in ember-template-imports

### What is required to release (if we haven‚Äôt done it already)? <@mansona>

- EF: We need to document some of the breaking changes
- CM: we're unblocked on release, it's go time and we just need to do the tasks
- we also discussed the fact that after release we will move to working on inversion of control on main and drop support for obscure features of ember-cli
- EF: yes and we will still support 3.x for a while and backport bugfixes for a while
- this is to push faster towards vite support

### Updated: Glint types for @embroider/macros <@NullVoxPopuli>

- PS: pinged the author and they did the updates
- EF: looks good. seems low risk since it's addative
- I will approve. can someone else babysit the CI and get it merged
- PS: I can do that

### what‚Äôs the status of the remove hbs from ember-template-imports <@achamers>

- https://github.com/ember-template-imports/ember-template-imports/pull/146
- CM: it's not blocking but it would make AC's work to split the repo easier
- PS: there was chatter in discord questioning splitting the library https://discord.com/channels/480462759797063690/1100421354798452789/1100430343259029635
- EF: we still need this
- EF: I'll discuss this with Chris (have replied in the #st-template-imports)

### automation for generating a changesets update TODO list <@NullVoxPopuli>

- https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1398
- EF: I could use this in the release?
- PS: yes but the next agenda item might be first because it will be less noisey
- EF: merged

### changesets updates <@NullVoxPopuli>

- EF: merging once it's rebased

### Atomic updates for v2 addon‚Äôs rollup to prevent multiple rebuilds https://github.com/embroider-build/addon-blueprint/issues/32 <@mansona>

- (discusson of the problem)
- EF: this is why someone made that yelk tool - it actually builds against 
- summary: it's not a deeply architectural problem. we can solve this for dev mode
- CM: I'll add a comment to the linked issue

### related to inlining babel helpers (decorators): what can I fix in the project? https://discord.com/channels/480462759797063690/568935504288940056/1094432259026726982 <@nickschot>

- NS: how do I solve this for everyone and not just me
- EF: we can add it to the blueprint
- NS: I'll make a PR

### Is it possible to build a route template in a v2 addon? Right now I‚Äôm getting the feeling that any hbs file in a v2 addon will always be considered a component template by the compiler <@mansona>

- EF: the template-colocation babel process will assume it's a component
- you can just do it manually if you need to, `export default precompileTemplate('your template')`


### EmberConf Embroider catchup? <@achambers>

- yes let's plan one!
- CM: the idea I think is that core all hands is for the day before and individual teams should plan the day after


### what is the appetite for my docs PRs? https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pulls/mansona <@manson>

- EF: I think we can merge this
- A: I worry about churn about moving files
- EF: agreed. we could solve that issue by making sure that docs are correctly linked in README
- CM: I'll update my PR üëç
