# 2023-08-22

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Peter Meehan

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [ ] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [ ] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM) 
- [x] cloke
- [x] Tanishq

## Topics

### follow up with ember-resolver to see if was released with the docs change we merged last week - Preston said they would release <@mansona>

- it was released üéâ


### Question: Is there any value in putting the app and test packages inside a ‚Äúpackages‚Äù dir in a V2 addon? <@achambers>

- A: packages is a hold-over from lerna 
- (discussion about the format of the addon)
- SI: we discussed this before and you can follow the discussion in the issue https://github.com/embroider-build/addon-blueprint/issues/2


### should we finally deprecate pods? We had issues running an app in vite with pods structure, `template.hbs` wasn‚Äôt getting rewritten <@mansona>

- CM: (discussing the issue with pods in vite)
- KG: pods were never RFCd so it gets a bit strange doing deprecations etc.
- pods are much loved so we need to have a way forward for people
- SI: it seems fine to deprecate for components but it would be harder for routes if we had to refactor
- if we had a new better alternative then we would be happy to move to that
- KG: i agree that having something better to move to would be better
- I wouldn't recommend moving to experiments because we don't know what polaris routing will be yet
- CM: asking - would you accept the pain of losing pods for the gain of vite
- SI: absolutly
- CM: the reason I'm asking is because it could be true that it's not worth adding this to vite
- KG: it might be ok to not support it on the new vite 
- SI: it would be unfortunate if we couldn't make it work at all. 

### importSyncImplementation `eager` for template strings - any guidance on how to make this work? <@mansona>

- moved the discussion to next week 

### is it time to think about tests for the vite stuff in the embroider repo? <@mansona>

- (discussion on the issue)
- A: as long as we have tests running in webpack with the most optimized that should be fine
- nothing of the errors we're seeing are embroider related
- the tests would be better adding deps to a vite app and seeing issues
- CM: do we have any examples of tests that work like that
- KG: we could create a version of the tutorial that uses vite - all we would need would be a blueprint that builds a vite app

### ember-cli-update status update <@mansona>

- (discussion on the current status) 
- https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli-update/pull/1240
- CM: I want to get this merged and then I can start looking at fixing the rabbit hole of CI with boilerplate update etc.
- KG: the cron is broken so you can try to update CI first and then have a good base to work with

