# 2023-07-22

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Aaron Chambers

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Andrey Mikhaylov (AM)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [x] Prakash
- [x] sol

## Topics


### Project organization - do we declare a list of orgs we're responsible for?

https://github.com/orgs/ember-tooling/repositories (locks & evo)
https://github.com/emberjs/ember-inspector (mostly robbiethewagner)

- RM: ember-tooling was a previously created org (for code-editor location)
- the name for the new core team is tooling, what should we do? 
- EF: we don't need to move any repos
- but we do need a list of repos that we care about (and stand behind)
- KG: I have a WIP list of repos in notion right now


### RFC Review https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/831  <@NullVoxPopuli, requested by Locks>

- (team discussion) generally agree this is good to continue with


### can/should the published @embroider/vite package include transplied source? (current contents, error) <@22a>

- human error - should have run `pnpm i` before deploying so that typescript would compile
- should be fixed once we move to CI releasing

### https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/issues/1514 <@simonihmig>

- this is a real bug
- we should create a test that covers it

