# July 30, 2021

## Agenda


## Attendees

- [x]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [ ]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [x]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [ ]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [x]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [ ]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [x]  Edward Faulkner (EF)
- [x]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [x]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [x]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [x]  Chris Garrett (CG)

## Minutes

- Need a to-do list for .gjs support & use (and someone to lead the effort and manage it as a project)
- 9am on Thursdays (Pacific) is when the TS team meets. Can discuss TS support in templates (Glint).
- Let's catch back up on Unique-ID helper RFC ([https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0659-unique-id-helper.html](https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0659-unique-id-helper.html))
    - A11y has a lot of IDREF situations ([https://www.w3.org/TR/2004/REC-xmlschema-2-20041028/#IDREF](https://www.w3.org/TR/2004/REC-xmlschema-2-20041028/#IDREF))
    - IDREF: The value of a defined id attribute on another element
      IDREF List: The value of one or more defined id attributes on other element(s), represented as [Space-separated tokens](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/common-microsyntaxes.html#space-separated-tokens)
    - Let's ship the helper but there's maybe something else to do here (Yehuda)
    - implement helper in glimmer-vm repo
- Where are we on RFC stages?
    - no progress, need to get back to it; Katie needs someone to take on certain parts of it
    - idea: have a legacy category and move forward with new ones
    - Katie is working on GitHub Actions that would automatically open a PR
    - Every RFC should have a core team sponsor
    - Please everyone think about this and figure out if they can take it over