# May 23, 2022

 Facilitator & Note Taker: JG

 ## Attendees

 Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

 ### Core Team

 - [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
 - [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
 - [x] Jen Weber (JW)
 - [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
 - [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
 - [x] Chris Ng (CN)
 - [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

 ### Guests

 - [] Your name here (INITIALS)

 ## Weekly review

 ## Topics

 ### Issue Cleanup (AG, 10 minutes)

- AG has been cleaning up a bunch of old issues in styleguide and website, is this okay? How do we triage these things? Would prefer that all issues have clear direction for those contributors picking up issues.
- RM having clear issues is a good goal and cleaning up is great. We've discussed that having a lot of issues creates some intertia, so grooming them is helpful.
- AG has had some issues reviewing PRs because of node and node-sass versioning issues.
- RM might want to do a quick analysis of the different versions of node used in the various projects and bump it to 16 where possible.
- JW has tips for issue triage, the labels help-wanted or good-first-issue are nice signals to new contributors that an issue is ready to be worked on and it will show up in the help-wanted site.
- JW for clearing out old PRs we just need to make a decision and work with a bias towards action (as Mel's advice) as long as it works
- AG can we reserve some time for PR review at the end of this meeting?
- JW yes, and we used to have a tracking tool, which broke, but there's a new version which should be available soon. Here's the PR that will unlock that https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-help-wanted/pull/213.

 ### Website Redesign (AG, 15 minutes)

- AG has been cleaning up all the issues that have been fixed or are outdated. If people want to work on website redesign issues, please feel free to do so.
- JW the website and styleguide have been managed by the working group but we can talk about how we want to handle the work going forward, but would be best to wait until CM is available.

 ### Goal Brainstorm (AG, 15 minutes)

- Most folks haven't had time to think further about the goals brainstorming.
- We don't have a follow up meeting set up yet, AG will send out a poll to pick another time for the team to discuss things further.

### PR review

- https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-simple-google-maps/pull/1 - JW this tool isn't used in the Super Rentals tutorial so we should mark this project as archived/deprecated in the Readme.
- AG the guides section on the tutorial mentions this addon still.
- JW this was for a really old version of the tutorial though, so we can probably still deprecate it.
- RM a search on google doesn't yield an rsults for ember-simple-google-maps.
- AG in v3.3 of the guides it's mentioned.
- RM 3.3 isn't supported and isn't a LTS so we can archive/deprecate the project.
- JW is going to make a PR that updates the Readme to archive the project.
- RM the framework team wants to organize the repos because we have a lot of them and there's not any management re what is supported or not. RM and Mehul are going to review and catalog/categorize the repos, so we can provide a better signal on what is or is not suported.
- RM is talking with the author of YoEmber about including it in the list of unofficial tutorials
- RM we should exclude ember-cli-addon-docs from the list of PRs to review
- RM do we need dependabot, it creates a lot of churn
- JG it's been problematic for me in the deprecations app
- AG we could reduce the frequency if we use renovate bot instead


 ## Ember Times suggestions

 Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

 ## Any Questions?

 Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
